Proofread (#22)
wallarm/terraform-provider-wallarm: docs/resources/denylist.md

---
layout: "wallarm"
page_title: "Wallarm: wallarm_denylist"
subcategory: "Common"
description: |-
  Provides the resource to manage denylist in the account.
---

# wallarm_denylist

> Provides the resource to manage [denylist][1] in the account providing functionality to block all requests originated from denylisted IP addresses for a desired time either via `Date` or `Minutes` formats.

Reviewer: the examples below does not mention "Date" as a value of time_format, it mentions RFC3339, so it is better to either delete code formatting from "Date" or mention the possible values of time_format as is

Reviewer 2: Nice catch. It should be `RFC3339`, not `Date`.

## Example Usage

```hcl
# Creates two new denylist entries
# with the determined block time (60 minutes) and until the 2nd of January 2026

resource "wallarm_denylist" "denylist_minutes" {
  ip_range = ["1.1.1.1/32"]

>   application = [1]

Reviewer: mention that entry will be added to the list for a specific app

  reason = "TEST DENYLIST MINUTES"
  time_format = "Minutes"
  time = 60
}

resource "wallarm_denylist" "denylist_date" {
  ip_range = ["2.2.2.2/32"]
  application = [1]
  reason = "TEST DENYLIST DATE"
  time_format = "RFC3339"
  time = "2026-01-02T15:04:05+07:00"
}
```

## Argument Reference

* `ip_range` - (**required**) IP range to be blocked. Can be defined as an array of ranges. Accept:
  - distinct IP addresses (e.g. `1.1.1.1`, `2.2.2.2`)
  - subnets (e.g. `1.1.1.1/24`, `2.2.2.2/30`)
* `time_format` - (**required**) block time format.
  Can be:
  - `Minutes` - Time in minutes (e.g. `60` is to block for 60 minutes)
  - `RFC3339` - RFC3339 time (e.g. `2021-06-01T15:04:05+07:00`)
* `time` - (**required**) time for (or until) which the IP address should be blocked.
* `application` - (optional) list of application IDs. 

>   Default: all applications

Reviewer: dot

> * `reason` - (optional) arbitrary reason of blocking these IP addresses.

Reviewer: for blocking

* `client_id` - (optional) ID of the client (tenant). The value is required for [multi-tenant scenarios][2].

## Attributes Reference

> `address_id` - addresses ID attributes in the `key=value` format. Possible keys:

Reviewer: attributes of addresses IDs? or what?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`address_id` - ID of the address, composed of the following parts:
```

- `ip_addr` - discrete IP address.

> - `ip_id` - ID of the entry with the concrete IP address.

Reviewer: concrete -> certain

page_title: "Wallarm: wallarm_blacklist"
subcategory: "Common"
description: |-
  Provides the resource to manage denylist in the account.
---

> # wallarm_blacklist

Reviewer 2: wallarm_denylist

> Provides the resource to manage denylist in the account providing functionality to block for a desired time either via `Date` or `Minutes` formats.

Reviewer: to block what?

## Example Usage

```hcl
# Creates two new denylist entries
# with the determined block time (60 minutes) and until the 2nd of January 2026

> resource "wallarm_blacklist" "blacklist_minutes" {

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
resource "wallarm_denylist" "denylist_minutes" {
```

  ip_range = ["1.1.1.1/32"]
  application = [1]
  reason = "TEST DENYLIST MINUTES"
  time_format = "Minutes"
  time = 60
}

> resource "wallarm_blacklist" "blacklist_date" {

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
resource "wallarm_denylist" "denylist_date" {
```

  time_format = "Minutes"
  time = 60
}

resource "wallarm_blacklist" "blacklist_date" {
  ip_range = ["2.2.2.2/32"]
  application = [1]
  reason = "TEST BLACKLIST DATE"
  reason = "TEST DENYLIST DATE"
  time_format = "RFC3339"
  time = "2026-01-02T15:04:05+07:00"
}
```

## Argument Reference

> * `ip_range` - (Required) IP range to be blocked. Can be defined an array of ranges. Accept:

Reviewer: defined AS an array?

> * `time_format` - (**required**) Format of time how to set block time. 

Reviewer: Block time format. - it is much easier to read
